Refs #33263 -- Expanded release notes for DeleteView adopting FormMixin. (#15059)
django/django: docs/releases/4.0.txt

``AlterField`` operations for ``ManyToManyField`` and ``ForeignKey`` fields in
some cases.

> DeleteView inheritance changed
> ------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``DeleteView`` changes
----------------------
```

> * Since :class:`~django.views.generic.edit.DeleteView` now uses
>   :class:`~django.views.generic.edit.FormMixin` to handle post requests, any
>   custom deletion logic in ``delete()`` handlers should be moved to
>   ``form_valid()``, or a shared helper method if required.

Reviewer: ` * ` is not necessary. Maybe:
```suggestion
:class:`~django.views.generic.edit.DeleteView` now uses
:class:`~django.views.generic.edit.FormMixin` to handle post requests. As a
consequence, any custom deletion logic in ``delete()`` handlers should be
moved to ``form_valid()``, or a shared helper method, if required.
```
